You come here.
Dao!
You need to sit here and wait for Mor Kung.
She is our mom's favorite fortune teller
she's not a PM. We don't have to wait for her here.
I know that but our mom asked us
to take a really good care of her.
Mor Kung flew all the way from Chiang Mai
to give you a session here.
So you need to wait for her here. Right here.
And I need to use the bathroom.
How could I wait here by myself? If Suttirak saw me here,
he'd have told me that I'm too superstitious.
Please don't come out when Mor Kung's here. I don't want to hear him roasting.
You see me and you're stunned like this? Don't tell me that you're missing me.
That's nonsense.
Nonsense how?
I forgot. Hello, Mr. House Owner.
Hey, I greeted you already. You shoud say hi back.
It's the simplest polite way to do .
Hello, please go inside.
Wait. Is there something going on? Why did you ask me to go inside?
Nothing.
I think there is. It's said that liars would avoid an eye contact.
Let see if you avoid an eye contact with me.
Why do you take so long? It should take a few minutes to know.
Know that you love me?
Are you alright?
I'm alright.
Don't be alarmed. It's just my magic fireworks.
It's to alert bad things from the house to leave already.
Oh my! You scared me.
I don't know who he is
but I know that you should be friend with him
because he instantly hold you when the fireworks started.
He is ready to protect you anywhere and anytime.
Where should we start the psychic session. Here or inside?
Let's go inside. Why don't you go inside
and I'll follow you.
Okay.
You invited her to look for your soulmate?
How did you know?
Because I'm there. In your heart.
Well, it's not that hard. If you invite a fortune teller here, it must be about good luck.
But if you invite her to your house, then it must be something about your soulmate.
Wait. He can read my mind?
What are you looking at? I can explain.
You want to be in a relationship that bad?
Can you stop roasting and listen to me?
My mom had a dream that I was about to die the other day.
She was worried that she wouldn't have a chance to hold a grandchild.
So she asked Mor Kung to come here and read my prophecy about my soulmate.
I see. You can ask her to leave already.
Because your soulmate is standing right here.
Can you stop messing with me for one second? I'm not that superstitious.
I didn't say that you were.
I don't want you to call me out like my lucky shirt incident.
Why're you smiling?
I'm glad that you care about my opinion.
I'm not. I don't want to look like a fool who makes the same mistake twice.
Wait.
Can I ask you honestly? Are you gonna believe the fortune teller?
About how your soulmate would look like?
Well, if she sees the vision, then I need to listen to her, don't I?
Why? You're afraid that you're gonna be a heartbroken if I'm dating someone?
Wow! You're speechless?
You were playing with me first now I'm getting back.
Don't be sad. If I found my soulmate, she could introduce a friend to you.
Okay?
Stop making that face. I know it's hard for ugly people like you.
I want to know who's gonna be a soulmate for someone like him.
I told you to bring her inside.
Why did she come inside all by herself?
It's totally fine.
I'm afraid you're gonna take something.
Why does your face look gloomy like that?
Really? What should I do?
You could use my cream.
It's a draw. You want to extend this match?
Nope.
Diao / Yeah?
Can I have your hands? / Sure.
So you two won't stop messing with me?
I'm not gonna stand it anymore.
Well, we missed you. We haven't seen you in a long time / Really?
Kidding.
Just kidding / Come here, sit down. Give me your hands.
Hands. Focus.
From my vision. Your soulmate'd be
One, someone close to you.
Two, they'll wear blue top when you two first meet.
What next?
Three, you two will meet by accident.
Hey, when you choose a motorbike taxi,
you need to choose the speedy one so you could be in accident.
This is not worth it. I could be dead just to meet my soulmate? Not a chance.
It's not like that. The accident could be
small one. Like bump into each other, stepping on one's feet, bumping one's head.
Or like you stepped on to dog's poops and they pulled you out of it. Something like that.
Then you should consider stepping into dog's poops,
so someone could pull you out of it.
Stop talking.
Four, when it's time, you'll receive a heart.
Can I ask something?
About the heart
what kind of heart? Like chicken's heart? Or pork's heart?
It could be anything just in a shape of heart.
Five, they'll return something that you love but you lost it.
This is tough. How could he find his soulmate?
Do you think my mom could still be alive to see his grandchild?
Can you change the prophecy to be simpler and easier to find one?
Dao / Yeah?
If you want me to say what you want not what I see,
I don't have to come all the way here.
We could just talk on the phone.
I'm sorry.
How could you find your soulmate?
Someone close to you. Wear blue top.
Meet by an accident. Giving you a heart when it's time.
And return your lost item.
Who the hell is your soulmate?
So his soulmate needs to have all of these five items?
That's right / It's too much.
Can you ask her if two items are enough?
I tried and she didn't respond well.
She asked me what the hell I wanted.
So everyone
if you found a girl wearing blue top coming to this café, please let me know.
I'm gonna push Diao until he falls so she could help him up.
But Mor Kung said that it should be an accident, not intention.
Rak? Good timing. If you're going to the office,
and you see a girl wearing blue top, can I ask you something?
Can you push her into Diao? So it'd look like an accident.
So she said that Diao and his soulmate're gonna meet by accident?
That's right and she needs to wear blue top.
When it's time, she's gonna give him a heart.
More importantly,
she's gonna return his lost item.
That's right.
Hold up everyone.
You all talk about my personal stuffs like it was yours.
Well, he needs to know all the details,
so he could help you find your soulmate, right? / That's right.
Please. I asked you. Please help him.
So my mom will be satisfied.
If I could have a child for her, then I would. But I couldn't.
Or we could try, maybe I could have a child.
Hey / You're in the way of my customers.
We can't do it here.
Please. That's enough.
Sorry.
We're gonna plan something in case we find a girl in blue top,
so we can make it look like love accident.
Let's go. Have a seat.
Are you gonna find a soulmate like the fortune teller told you to?
Of course I am.
You want me to look for a dog?
It's hard enough to find a woman with similar personality as your mom,
now you have to find a girl including 5 specific choices.
Don't you think this is a mission impossible?
It's easier to conquer Mt. Everest.
Don't you get the concept of a soulmate?
A soulmate will meet me eventually.
And she'd follow the prophecy.
Ouch / Hey.
I'm sorry.
Hello? It's not this café? Where is it?
Blue dress.
Meet by an accident.
Diao's soulmate.
That's right / For sure.
Why are you still standing? Go on and hit on her.
Maybe she's your soulmate like the prophecy.
Go. Go. Go.
I don't think so. She just happened to wear a blue dress.
We just met and she's not someone close to me.
Maybe she used to be in the same kindergarten with you.
If she used to be in the same kindergarten with me in Chiang Mai,
she would have spoken in Northern dialect already.
You think your face shows that you're from Chiang Mai?
Go on, hit on her already.
If she really likes you,
maybe she could be the one bringing you a heart.
Mor Kung just met me in the morning and that lady bumped into me in the afternoon?
Anything could happen.
My fortune teller told me about Noi, after that I met her in less than an hour.
You did?
Stop asking and go ask her out already.
The fortune teller is so good. I need to ask for her contact.
He still looks for the lady?
Who am I to mess with his business?
It's because of you, you couldn't keep up with her.
She was completed two choices already. How are we gonna find someone like her?
If you meet her again, you need to go straight up to her.
If you don't know how, you can ask Rak for tips. You got it?
Please help him.
Sure.
Hello / Hello what?
Dao asked me to help you flirt with girls
No need to. I could do it.
Can you try to hit on me?
Why do I need to flirt with you?
You can't flirt?
Sure I can.
Is this yours? It's not?
I thought it was yours.
See? You could start a conversation like this.
Here. You can have it.
I agreed with Dao, you were too slow.
If I were you and she completed two choices, I'd drag her to my room already.
Wow!
Good thing that you don't listen to her. She is too slutty. Move.
But I believe you
If the blue-top lady is really your soulmate, you're gonna meet her again.
I'm sure.
Did you know that Diao found his soulmate already?
But don't be sad
because you already found your soulmate too.
Your soulmate is wearing a pink dress.
If you feel bad for her, you can always pray for her.
Are you waiting for a girl in blue top?
This is an office. It should be safe. It shouldn't be any accidents happen.
I think you should wait by the road.
Diao?
Yeah?
I'm sorry that I bumped into you yesterday. I was in a hurry so I didn't apologize properly.
I'm sorry again.
That's alright.
How did you know that I work here?
I asked from a man in café. He said that you work here.
She just bumped into him and she brought a bouquet to apologize? Could she feel something?
I don't think so. She's flirty.
Like me. I'd do the same.
Manow!
She brought you flowers, why don't you take her out for coffee?
Suttirak wouldn't mind.
Can I go?
Go ahead.
I can't help it. I'm charming just like that.
Do you need to be somewhere?
If you don't, can I buy you a cup of coffee?
Sure.
Good. Please wait for me.
See?I told you I could flirt.
Let's go. Let's have coffee.
We should celebrate. Diao has a girlfriend.
Come on in.
You called for me? What's up?
Don't tell me that you want to know about my date.
Nope, I want to discuss about work.
Good. I thought you wanted to know about my coffee date with Tangmay.
You should keep in mind that when you take a girl out for a cup of coffee,
you need to bring her to the most quiet spot,
or her focus would be on someone else, not you.
And two, you can't let the girl order coffee at the counter by herself.
You need to take her to the table and ask what'd she like to drink.
Then you order it for her. That's another way to treat her.
That's all from me. I don't want to speak too much.
What about work?
I'd like to you revise..
One more thing. Tangmay completed four choices already.
I forgot that this is a workplace.
You can tell me if you want. I can make an exception.
You want to know about this?
You want to tell me about her or not.
Tangmay is someone close to me for sure.
She's from Chiang Mai and she went to my kindergarten.
What a coincidence!
Not a coincidence, this is a fate.
Do you want to date her that bad?
Not yet. There is one thing that I still couldn't find in her.
If she brought me my lost item, then I could think about that.
Wait, so she was checked only three choices.
Bumped into you, wore blue top, someone close to you.
She hasn't given you any heart shape item yet.
Who told you that? Take a look right here.
Look at this. Her flower shop's name card. It's a heart shape.
Let's get back to work.
I want you to revise Songkran's promotional banner.
You need to change the heart in this plate to look like this.
Just changing this? You could have sent me a message.
It just didn't give you the mood.
You could have misunderstood me over the text.
And thinking that I sent you a heart for love.
You don’t have to worry about that because all I can think of right now is Tangmay.
She's in my heart already.
That's all for the work.
Daisy, you chose the wrong time to get sick.
Diao found a soulmate who completed four choices already.
He's about to find wedding date tomorrow.
You're exaggerating it. There's one more thing to complete.
You don't have to be such a perfectionist, keep it for work only.
This is fate. You don't need it to be perfect.
If I were you and he completed just one, then I'd have married him already.
Okay, fine. Let's talk later. Bye.
You're worse than Manow. She said that she would be down to marry the man if two choices were completed.
And you took only just one?
Half of it would be fine too.
Half of it!
I have slippers at home. Why didn't you wear it?
I'm sorry.
This way.
You should prepare a wedding suit already.
Because Tangmay completed the prophecy already.
She found my lost item?
That's right. Show him.
I found this bracelet. Dao said it's yours.
That's right! I've been looking for it for months. Where did you find it?
It was on the ground by a tree at Uncle Jod's café.
Well, she completed the prophecy already.
That's right. Our mom's dream will come true now.
You meet your soulmate.
I'm happy for you.
You look so dapper.
Are you going out on a date or waiting for me to ask you out?
I'm going out with a girl. Why would I want to waste my energy with you?
You could try. I can treat you better.
Wait.
I don't mean to pry. Even the prophecy is completed,
if you don't have the vibe, you shouldn't force it. Or you'll end up unhappy.
Thanks for reminding me.
I agreed to go on a date with Tangmay,
because I followed your advice.
You forgot about this?
I still remember when you cooked me steamed eggs.
You told me that people could find a connection and like each other after a conversation.
So I'll go out with her to find out.
You're right.
If you don't want me to go, you can try to stop me.
How could I try to stop you?
You could try.
You're speechless? You should sharpen your wit already.
When I come back from a date, you can fight me back.
Hello, Diao.
Hello, are you here for Dao?
That's right.
Hello / Hello.
Love Note : Chapter 10. The truth
When there's an obstacle in any relationships,
many times it starts from miscommunication.
A person could hurt one another unintentionally,
because they don't know about the other's feeling.
Don't you feel anything that I need to go out with someone my parents set me up with?
Of course I do. But what could I do?
If you don't want me to go, then you should have stopped me.
Can you not go? You know how I feel about you.
What do you feel about me?
I love you.
That's all I want to hear.
After you / Okay.
Thank you for bringing me here for brownie.
No problem at all.
You have brownie here everyday?
That's right.
If you like it,
I can recommend you a place with good brownie. I could take you there.
Sure.
Are you alright? You seem quieter than the first time we met.
Nothing. I'm just tired after a big meal.
I see.
You said you wanted to use a bathroom? It's over there.
I'm gonna order brownie for you.
Thank you.
Dao's profile?
Is everything okay? Don't let Diao find out about this set up.
Dao!
Please help me.
What? / Please help me.
What happened?
Tangmay called to tell me that I was caught already.
About what?
About…
About you tricked me to think that Tangmay is my soulmate according to the prophecy.
Come out here. Now.
You're well-planned about this.
Tangmay, you were smart about everything but you forget to hide the text I sent you?
Don't tell me that you made up about mom's dream either.
I didn't make that up. She really had that dream.
Mom sent Mor Kung to be here and her prophecy is real.
I just invited Tangmay to pretend to follow the prophecy.
This is too much.
But she really has a crush on you.
What about my bracelet? She didn't find it at Uncle Jod's tree?
Nope. I found it under your bed.
Tangmay, you shouldn't fail at this or I could have had a sister-in-law already.
I talked to her and I didn't feel any spark.
But you're crossing the line this time.
Please help me.
But you did cross the line
to fool him about this.
But it made sense, you did all of this just to make your mom happy.
I think you should forgive your sister.
Please. I'm sorry.
I really am sorry.
Think about it. There're too many conditions to find your soulmate.
I think you should date Tangmay already.
Whether I find my soulmate, I won't accept this kind of set up like this.
Fine.
Dao is just too much.
Why're you smiling?
Dao really crossed the line this time.
Please calm down. Hey, I can play you a song.
Let's sit down.
Sit here.
This is my pin. Why did you have it?
It's yours?
That's right. I marked something on the back. It's surely mine.
You see?
Why did you have it?
I found it in Chiang Mai two years ago.
Hello, Job? I'm in Chiang Mai already.
You're done?
Can you take me around town?
Sure, where's Angkaew Reservoir?
Where did I drop it?
It's just a pin. Let it go.
It was specially made just for me. There's only one of it in this world.
I knew that! But your chance to be absent in this class has only one left.
If you're late, you can't take the exam for sure. Come on.
Come on.
Fine.
You're son of a bitch!
I'm glad that you found it. I thought I'd lose it forever.
This is such a small world.
When I first met him, I met him by accident.
He wore a blue shirt.
He works with me.
He rents my place.
He's someone close to me.
And he just gave me a heart yesterday.
I want you to revise Songkran's promotional banner.
You need to change the heart in this plate to look like this.
He returned my lost item.
Is he really my soulmate?
What is it?
You?
Nothing.
Wait.
Guys, I've had a dream about Pom from sales department for several times now.
Does it mean that I like him?
Is there other way to check if he really likes me beside find him in my dream?
It's easy. When you're close to someone, your heart will beat like this.
Then you like them for sure.